Review MaskedEntry control. (#659)
telerik/maui-docs: controls/maskedentry/migrate-from-xamarin.md

---
title: Migrating from Xamarin
page_title: Migrating the MaskedInput from Xamarin.Forms to .NET MAUI
description: Learn how to migrate the Telerik UI for Xamarin MaskedInput to the Telerik UI for .NET MAUI framework by updating the namespaces and the incompatible NuGet packages.
position: 20
slug: maskedentry-migrate-from-xamarin
---

# Migrating the MaskedInput from Xamarin to .NET MAUI

> The Telerik .NET MAUI MaskedEntry control is a complete new control with new API, improvements and flexible styling mechanism implemented.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Telerik .NET MAUI MaskedEntry control is a completely new control, with a new API, various improvements, and a flexible styling mechanism.
```
